# project-2

    I wanted to take a look at what stats can mark a NBA players as "successful." I figured that making the allstar team is a good indicator as what makes a NBA player "successful." So I found a csv file from data.world that had a list of NBA allstars from 2000 - 2016 season. Then I found on Kaggle a csv file with all professional athletes stats from 2000-2019.
    
    Both data sets were found in csv file form so it was pretty easy to pull in the information into python. I realized that the allstar player list came in the year that the player made the allstar team not the season, (i.e. 2016), versus the player stats came in by season (i.e. 2015-2016). So in python I used the loc fucntion to find every time 2016 came up in the "Year" column and changed it to "2015 - 2016" to match the format of the player stats csv file. I then added an "id" column for each row so that each row would have an id. I then pulled only the id, year, and player columns and renamed year to season. For the player stats csv file I also then added an "id" column. I noticed that the player stats csv showed not only the regular season stats but also the playoff stats. So then I dropped all the rows that showed "Playoffs" in the "Stage" column so that I could pull only the regular season stats. I then pulled only the columns that I wanted to show (id, season, games played, player, points, rebounds, assists, steals, blocks, turnovers). Not every player plays 82 games so I divided each stat category (points, rebounds, assists, steals, blocks, turnovers) by the games played.
    
    I made two tables in pgAdmin, "allstar", "player_stats" to export all the data that was pulled from the csv files. I then used an inner join to join the two tables on season and player so that I could pull the stats based on the season the player made the allstar team and then the player's name.